Ye Shao's Killing God Iron Bear is here
Ye Huan, you are careful
Go ahead, Kiki
Ye Huan is just a fairy girl
I advise you not to give me
I came to Nanjing for three things
The first to marry Fu Hongyan
The second killed Ye Family Yuan Nie
Third, meet the Great Lord
Is it hahaha
Then I can't let you
Touch Mr. Ye
I can tell you
It's either physics or you're hopeless.
Iron Bear
I don't want to watch it anymore before the Holy Master of Great Xia comes
Stay with me for supper
Yes!
Hahaha, you are still the guardian of the southern border
Just this strength
Yezi Yang, I advise you to self-destruct the village owner and kill on your knees
Maybe you still have a ray of hope hahaha
You are such an old man.
Has the form not been analyzed yet?
It should be me who said that
The truly powerful are not just about being out of control
But the first name is the hegemony of the world
Foot Wuyue Temple
And you are so far behind.
So
In this field
Capable of combining force and interpretation
Someone else.
Sir, it's useless to marry me
Shame on you.
Hey, the person you mentioned shouldn't be him, right?